com/example/elib/ui/books/BookFragment.java
 com.example.elib.ui.books.BookFragment
 com.example.elib.ui.books.BookFragment$1
 com.example.elib.ui.books.BookFragment$2
com/example/elib/models/BookGuid.java
 com.example.elib.models.BookGuid
com/example/elib/MainActivity.java
 com.example.elib.MainActivity
 com.example.elib.MainActivity$1
 com.example.elib.MainActivity$2
 com.example.elib.MainActivity$3
com/example/elib/databinding/NavHeaderMainBinding.java
 com.example.elib.databinding.NavHeaderMainBinding
com/example/elib/requests/UserService.java
 com.example.elib.requests.UserService
com/example/elib/BookDetailInfo.java
 com.example.elib.BookDetailInfo
com/example/elib/databinding/BookListItemBinding.java
 com.example.elib.databinding.BookListItemBinding
com/example/elib/ui/books/BookViewModel.java
 com.example.elib.ui.books.BookViewModel
com/example/elib/models/Embedded.java
 com.example.elib.models.Embedded
com/example/elib/ui/home/HomeFragment.java
 com.example.elib.ui.home.HomeFragment
 com.example.elib.ui.home.HomeFragment$1
com/example/elib/models/PostsLinks.java
 com.example.elib.models.PostsLinks
com/example/elib/databinding/FragmentHomeBinding.java
 com.example.elib.databinding.FragmentHomeBinding
com/example/elib/adapters/BookAdapter.java
 com.example.elib.adapters.BookAdapter
 com.example.elib.adapters.BookAdapter$1
com/example/elib/models/BookContent.java
 com.example.elib.models.BookContent
com/example/elib/models/BookElements.java
 com.example.elib.models.BookElements
com/example/elib/databinding/AppBarMainBinding.java
 com.example.elib.databinding.AppBarMainBinding
com/example/elib/databinding/FragmentGalleryBinding.java
 com.example.elib.databinding.FragmentGalleryBinding
com/example/elib/models/BookExcerpt.java
 com.example.elib.models.BookExcerpt
com/example/elib/requests/ApiClient.java
 com.example.elib.requests.ApiClient
com/example/elib/ui/home/HomeViewModel.java
 com.example.elib.ui.home.HomeViewModel
com/example/elib/models/BookTitle.java
 com.example.elib.models.BookTitle
com/example/elib/models/WpFeaturedmedia.java
 com.example.elib.models.WpFeaturedmedia
com/example/elib/databinding/ActivityBookDetailInfoBinding.java
 com.example.elib.databinding.ActivityBookDetailInfoBinding
com/example/elib/listeners/BookCliickListener.java
 com.example.elib.listeners.BookCliickListener
com/example/elib/holders/BookHolder.java
 com.example.elib.holders.BookHolder
com/example/elib/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.elib.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/example/elib/databinding/ContentMainBinding.java
 com.example.elib.databinding.ContentMainBinding
com/example/elib/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.elib.BuildConfig
